hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about Hancock John Hancock
is an alcoholic who possesses
superpowers including flight
invulnerability and superhuman strength
while performing superhero like axe in
Los Angeles he is often ridiculed and
hated by the public for his drunken and
careless acts and becomes enraged when
referred to as an [ __ ] Hancock
rescues ray Embry a public relations
specialist from an oncoming train which
he irrationally derails to save ray
thankful and seeing him as a career
opportunity ray offers to help improve
Hancock's public image
Hancock meets Ray's family his son Aaron
who is a fan and his wife Mary who takes
an immediate dislike to Hancock ray
encourages Hancock to issue a public
apology and then go to prison for a time
until Los Angeles needs him properly
Hancock reluctantly agrees struggling to
fit in prison and quickly causes trouble
when he assaults two fellow inmates that
refused to leave him alone
Hancock is visited by Ray's family
encouraging him to be patient Los
Angeles crime rate rises and Hancock is
eventually released to help he foils a
bank robbery orchestrated by red parka
with Hancock slicing off his hand to
prevent him from activating a detonation
switch he is praised as a hero and
becomes popular Hancock reveals to Ray
and Mary that he is mdz a canned an
immortal having woken up in a hospital
eighty years ago with no memory of his
identity he also learns Mary is an
Aaron's biological mother and is raised
second wife carrying a drunk ray home
Hancock kisses Mary only for her to toss
him through the wall revealing she has
superpowers to the next day Hancock and
Mary speak in private
mary claims they have lived for 3,000
years of the last of their kind and her
siblings Hancock disbelieves her about
the last claim and flies away to inform
ray only for Mary to chase him and
inside a violent battle across the city
ray witnesses the fight later
confronting the duo Mary admits Hancock
is actually her husband from the past
but that she chose to quietly leave him
once he had lost his memories of them
that night Hancock stops a liquor store
robbery only to be shot multiple times
and is hospitalized Mary appears
explaining that when the Immortals
paired up that would slowly lose their
powers becoming mortals the last time
Hancock and Mary were together was 80
years before when Hancock was attacked
his amnesia is a result of the attack
Parker who escaped prison with several
other criminals attacks the hospital to
get revenge Mary is caught in the
crossfire and injured Hancock recovers
killing the criminals but his further
injured
Parker tries to kill him but ray cuts
off Parker's gun holding hand with a
fire axe Hancock throws himself out of
the hospital trying to increase his
distance from Mary so that she can
recover before flying off towards the
moon a month later ray and his family
receive a call from Hancock revealing he
has imprinted the moon's surface with
Ray's allheart marketing logo in a
mid-credits scene Hancock approaches a
criminal in New York City who calls him
an [ __ ]
in a tight outfit much to his fury thank
you all for watching don't forget to
subscribe and hit the bell notification
for more of these videos
[Music]